Bartholemew Plug
----------------

I rewatched those videos of my face, I had forgotten I’d scorched my forehead with a sausage roll. 
Yesterday, I made it up into the attic,
you see no sound can come out from that space. 
I climbed into the pile of plastic packaging I’d thrown up there, and rolled, and rolled, a crescendo of crinkling.

I found him sitting in the
dark, as though a jobbing apparition,
Bartholomew Plug.
Born of the accumulated swelter of the space
His hum as light as a vapour moving up and
in to the air 
escaping through velum walls.

Standing in the middle of the papier-mâché mountain range touching the burn below my hairline, I put the sausage roll 
on the edge of the Daily Mail cliff, and let it fall.

somewhere in the room
I could hear he was building

the props he made had collapsed by the
door or had I tipped them over, dismissed them as spent structures?

Later, I hid in the pile of branches at the bottom of the garden and from inside shouted
“walk, batholemew plug, walk!
look over your left shoulder and cross your eyes!”

He sighed and with the posture of a towel slaughtered by a seamstress to make the prime ministers night time nappy, turned and retreated stumbling out of sight 

“Breathe, Bartholemew, breathe”


Inconsolable (incontinence)
---------------------------

We can’t stand dogged culture sagging.
Lost the beacons,
Yet what screams out from our headphones?
We’re now sulking at off map locations,
Inconsolable

Feelings, shudders, rituals;
We’re schooled in western misery.
Prostrated in protein form,
As though our hearts were there,
Inconsolable


Back and Forth
--------------

greasy paws of day pull eyelids apart sure that sight is needed here believing there is some seeing to be had, that there is some one receiving, a will inside, so blinds should raise, shutters swing open as though a mirror reflects back to witness witnessing only itself witnessing itself and that one is drawn, haggard, gurning as it is all pulled out through mouth, nostrils ear canals every gasping paw.... but really, a mirror is more when eyes and surface back and forth back and forth each other one looking for other beings to be so much more in this back and forth back and forth looking as though another one is there seeing the back and forth back and forth