Lulu
----

Right about then you got the Victorian big boys skin rolling in 
And all the chequered carpet cheeks chumping out 
Gleaming dinnerplate thighs stacked up and trembling 
All gooseheads pitched together in the skylight beading down 
Then the sweats start rainin up 
Sea juice sucked headward in blunt Velcro strips 
An mean old Dandy there in the damp patch 
A-wrestlin with a pastry puff 
Squall's chalked up
Like grey chocolate sawdust from a hog's ovary 
Y’see he got the tradey bug - 
A big slimy green body of what they call a Lulu 
Y’have it with your tea, see
And all this from the son of a 12-year-old child
Wearing a triathalon helmet
...
There's a woman, see
She call herself an islander
She brings a word to the earth from St. Paul the apostle


Pairing Socks
-------------

Let's see then, let me double check all this.
Right,
draft 1, is in.
draft 2 is in. Let me double check.
I can wrap Simon in green foil avoiding covering the airways. Tick!
Imagine I put eggs through
his face, Ouch! Tick!
Draft 3
stories plopped in letterboxes, tick.
wrapping silver … 
no, you can’t wrap silver … let’s change that …
wrapping Simon in silver Mondeo decals and driving off towards Geneva.

I was matching up the socks from the washing,
I was matching up the socks from the washing,
pairing them up and I cried,
“Oh why, oh why is there no match for me?”


Paid Allowance (lyrics)
-----------------------

they have everyone else’s liquids here. 
seeing him fire those extracts at me. 
whack! deep into the looking eye. the looking eye. 
Why bring yourself here
my anxious looking eye?

There’s no will once through
times dilemmas, why
engrave the land with metal strips and pounded rivets?

You stayed behind to rummage here. the engines fixed, gave trips home, gave me trips to my yonder home

so I could look Into the looking eye. the looking eye. 
I wheezed my answers.

out to the left are parents oozing court documents out of inlets, they're bleeding air into defects.

You stayed behind to rummage here. the engines fixed, gave trips home, gave me trips to my yonder home. You stayed behind to rummage here. the engines fixed, gave trips home, gave me trips to my yonder home ...
so I could look Into the looking eye. the looking eye. 
I wheezed my answers.