Survivor
--------

Janet and Philip
----------------

Little did we all know it would be the final Janet and Phillip investigation, these legends of our time. They made that decision together and sprung it on us once the case was wrapped up. 
That final day, they ran back like strangely wizened school children freed into the summer holidays, keen to clear their desks at the station, false teeth chattering like maracas, joints creaking as though a ship being crushed in the pack ice, yet with joy in every step. 
A small party was held in honour of their combined achievements, Janet ended up being carried home by Philip and one of the young PCs after she drunkenly punched one of the panels of glass in the office, grabbing one of the shards and slashing at some invisible menace encircling her.
That evening, or so he told me later on, once Janet was settled, Phillip reflected on the events, noting echoes of their first case together when she had smashed an imaginary panel of glass on the beach to scare off the seagulls swooping at the spilt fish and chips near the corpse. The birds were eventually stopped by officers hurling rocks, they hit a few and spent the afternoon pointing and laughing at the various broken winged birds, the angular twitching bodies. 
For most of those attending, the main talking point afterwards was the scene of Janet and the imaginary glass breaking, the case itself being an obvious suicide. However, over his microwaved supper, Philip’s thoughts differed from everyone else’s reactionary musings, for he’d been trained in the same methods as Janet so it was by the book - heavy motion dance accompanied by guttural soundings - so instead he turned over the motivations of those that had maimed the hungry birds and revelled in watching their agony throughout the afternoon; those birds that were, after all, unaware of fish and chips as evidence.

I imagine it was few weeks after the retirement party that they lay in the bushes near the drainage stream at the bottom of their garden, holding hands tightly, fully realising and releasing what Janet articulated in her leaving speech as “the malign tensions absorbed over thirty five years of working in the ways of institutionalised terrorism masked as a public service”. Spring allowed the undergrowth to creep around and then over them, taking on all that anguish ravaged organic material no doubt to splurt it out somewhere else.

