Things fall apart

They flake to pieces
Dissolve into an imperceptibly fine mist
They fray at the edges
Crumble at the centre 
Shatter into smithereens
And drift into indeterminate piles of noumenous waste

Things snap off of larger things and are wrenched into swirling vortices high above the stadia
They deplete imperceptibly in front of your eyes 
On the tip of your tongue
By the skin of your teeth
They shiver and expire by the senses thot wrought them
And leave a menthol ‘Oh!’, ‘Oh….’

Things violently explode, (and this is true of all things)
They engulf the resort in radiant flames
And shower the shoreline in shit and albumen 
Eggs are smashed for nothing against the dead brows of de-canonised saints 
And gigantic steamers packed with megatons of Beluga caviar
Are torpedoed and sunk in error, 
And it’s always unclear why.

Things corrupt and become, at best, meaningless
At worst, a universal mandate for the destruction of meaning itself
And a simple frail wrist raised up to receive an ice cream cone 
Is crushed by a sudden horizontal blizzard of hail 
And the ice cream van, backs in panic over the entire queue of children, horrifically smashing their bones
And, wheels screeching in the dirt, dusting blind the grandmother eyes, 
Hurtles off the cold rocks into the canyon.

Things fall apart
People haunt themselves with the worst
And fatten their ghosts in the vomiting darkness
They tear the soft lamb from the pasture
And catapult it into the distant marshland
Just to make a mad King wince 

Yes, things fall apart
But they also come together 
Is a thing I think, as I lie face down on the forrest floor
Chomping at the dirt in rhythmic gobbles like a princely carp 

And I raise my head to look up, through the clearing toward the horizon and see it still there on the hill
The big house full of excrement 
Creaking and teetering and ready to shitblast the entire county at the drop of the wrong hat.
I pull my beanie back over my eyes and continue scoffing the wood mulch 

Shhhhhh! Says Marc, pointing with his eyes at the hulk behind me. And I’m brought back to the situation. 
I’m still spooning with the velociraptor. Its claws clamping tight into my white cotton T.
I feel so vulnerable, delicate, but for now protected, like the proverbial plastic cup of cocoa in the truckers fist. Chapter 1, a series of delicate sups, for sure, but scan forward to chapter 9, and it’s the inevitable smashing of the cup into the hooker’s crying face. 

“David Turner…?” The raptor’s awake! “Yes…”, I answer softly. “David Turner, you were squirming all night long — were you in any discomfort?” The claws tighten around my shoulder blades. “No, none”, I say. “David Turner, would you like to hear a recipe I recently divined?” Hearing a gruff snicker, I look over at Marc. He’s still snug-fast in the talons of his Atrociraptor. The latter pretending to be asleep.

Serve the head fresh in the jaws, grind eagerly for fifteen seconds whilst ripping the remnant flesh to ribbons…
I wish it hadn’t said this. I’ve always lobbied for peace between Man and the velociraptor.

I pray for the fabled long grey sky worm; the liberator, with it’s acidic micturition, to fly on over and dissolve the lizards… 

My prayer goes unheeded as the raptor’s jaw clamps around my skull. 