Lulu
----

Right about then you got the Victorian big boys skin rolling in 
And all the chequered carpet cheeks chumping out 
Gleaming dinnerplate thighs stacked up and trembling 
All gooseheads pitched together in the skylight beading down 
Then the sweats start rainin up 
Sea juice sucked headward in blunt Velcro strips 
An mean old Dandy there in the damp patch 
A-wrestlin with a pastry puff 
Squall's chalked up
Like grey chocolate sawdust from a hog's ovary 
Y’see he got the tradey bug - 
A big slimy green body of what they call a Lulu 
Y’have it with your tea, see
And all this from the son of a 12-year-old child
Wearing a triathalon helmet
...
There's a woman, see
She call herself an islander
She brings a word to the earth from St. Paul the apostle


Pairing Socks
-------------

Let's see then, let me double check all this.
Right,
draft 1, is in.
draft 2 is in. Let me double check.
I can wrap Simon in green foil avoiding covering the airways. Tick!
Imagine I put eggs through
his face, Ouch! Tick!
Draft 3
stories plopped in letterboxes, tick.
wrapping silver … 
no, you can’t wrap silver … let’s change that …
wrapping Simon in silver Mondeo decals and driving off towards Geneva.

I was matching up the socks from the washing,
I was matching up the socks from the washing,
pairing them up and I cried,
“Oh why, oh why is there no match for me?”


Geography
---------

My father had ways of showing me he had become quite dismayed by some of my behaviours.
There was one day where I had received a rather poor review in my geography from my teacher.
Geography wasn’t taught in the same way it is taught these days. We had a rather precocious young Welsh teacher and he had translated the Iliad into Welsh and now was expecting us to translate it into Latin using his translation paying particular attention to moments where the landscape was described or people were moving between place or some opinion was expressed or something that could be interpreted as geographical.
Well, I performed particularly poorly in this, I think because the essence they were trying to teach you was that landscape could be learnt through descriptions of landscape, and by knowing the language of the inhabitants of the landscape you could know the landscape and the geography of the area. Well, this seemed strange to me, I had no inkling of this, especially seeing as the Latin we learned was surely the language of some ruling elite or something, I don’t know.
Well, anyway. I was marked down for these protests I imagine.
My father showed his rage by smearing excrement all over my bedroom.
We’d been wondering why father had been making us defecate on trays placed on the toilet pan and moving them to a big plastic bucket in the bath. It had seemed strange at the time to do such a thing, especially as the house was often rather hot.
But, I learnt my father actually was completely and utterly aware of what was needed at certain times. And he knew that his emotional landscape sometimes required expression in the most strange and often nauseating way; but  we learnt our lessons and I never did protest at geography again.


Paid Allowance (lyrics)
-----------------------

they have everyone else’s liquids here. 
seeing him fire those extracts at me. 
whack! deep into the looking eye. the looking eye. 
Why bring yourself here
my anxious looking eye?

There’s no will once through
times dilemmas, why
engrave the land with metal strips and pounded rivets?

You stayed behind to rummage here. the engines fixed, gave trips home, gave me trips to my yonder home

so I could look Into the looking eye. the looking eye. 
I wheezed my answers.

out to the left are parents oozing court documents out of inlets, they're bleeding air into defects.

You stayed behind to rummage here. the engines fixed, gave trips home, gave me trips to my yonder home. You stayed behind to rummage here. the engines fixed, gave trips home, gave me trips to my yonder home ...
so I could look Into the looking eye. the looking eye. 
I wheezed my answers.