When your house is gone your husband gone 
your children wife and home are gone 
your pets are gone your job is gone 
your bank and streets and bars are gone 
your breath is gone your blood is gone 
your brain and words and name are gone
your shoes and socks and pants are gone 
your mountains lakes and geese are gone 
your place is gone your thread is gone 
your mark your trace your tread is gone 
your pledge is gone your pitch is gone 
your foam your crust your sheen is gone 
your grain is gone your shade is gone 
your hue and glint and mood are gone
Your tab is gone your plate is gone 
your empties drags and remnants gone 
your churches gone your temples gone 
your mosques and mirrored halls are gone 
your hair is gone your muscle gone 
your tone your laugh your glance is gone 
your home is gone your husband gone 
your children wife and town are gone

When all of this and more is finally gone 
when everything that once illuminated the world with its presence 
has been swallowed into the void 
and the black hole that irrevocably extinguishes everything 
that once radiated belonging, presence and certainty 
has seemingly expanded beyond the horizon of hope 
remember - if that ember glimmers still
one thing in the face of all this remains: 
The persistent and enduring state of loss.

-----------------------------------------

I have a room you can back in to to see a not-very-big-thing. That thing is Dr Wisdom: pocket sized, smells good, big smile.

Dr Wisdom presses the button to auto generate the sayings for the day.

Today’s nuggets:
It’s sure nice to have a big grin,
and
Fruiting diamonds, no mouse.
No mouse, fruiting diamonds.

“Any legs in the above?”, he chirped at me.

“I could take them for a walk outside?”, I offered.

He smiled and nodded, though his head did not rise to make the nod a full one.
Ah, a half one, I thought watching the strands of drool begin to stretch to his Y-fronts.

“Strands.” he mumbled

I had spent some time umming and ahing in front of the vertical sheet of existence for twenty minutes or so, holding Dr Wisdom’s offerings in my palm. The sheet rippled slightly, a breath shimmering a still sea. My presence felt, my hesitancy questioned, I stepped forwards as though to rest against it and began to stretch along its whole surface, absorbed to surge throughout its depths.

It was cold ham for dinner. I left Dr Wisdom’s in his drenched lap. No doubt the saliva would dissolve it a little making it easier to consume whenever that time circled around again.