​​Oh hi there, I’m wondering if you can tell me, what is… what is the board used to board-up the window of an abandoned building... what's that  called?

A board-up is a temporary measure to close up an opening in an abandoned building.

Is there another term for this "board-up" board?

There is no specific term for this type of board, but it is sometimes referred to as a plywood sheet, OSB sheet, or particle board.

What is a particle board?

A particle board is a type of board made from wood chips, shavings, and sawdust that are glued and pressed together.

Can I use chipboard to secure an empty building?

Yes, chipboard can be used to secure an empty building. It is not as strong as plywood or OSB, but it is less expensive and easier to work with.

If jelly gets into the building, will the chipboard stop it from getting out?

No, chipboard will not stop jelly from getting out of the building.

Why not?

Chipboard is not water resistant and will not stop jelly from seeping through.

What would be a good material to use to prevent the seepage of jelly?

A good material to use to prevent the seepage of jelly would be a water resistant barrier, such as plastic sheeting.

And if the jelly filled the building completely and became dangerously pressurised, how thick would the plastic sheeting have to be to prevent the jelly exploding out of the windows?

The thickness of the plastic sheeting would depend on the amount of pressure the jelly is exerting. A thicker sheet would be needed to withstand more pressure.

And what if my entire family was inside the building, asleep and asphyxiating on the hot, molten jelly?

If your entire family was inside the building, asleep and asphyxiating on the hot, molten jelly, you would need to call 999 immediately and evacuate the building.

But I'm also in the building.

If you are also in the building, you would need to evacuate the building immediately and call 999.

But 999 is the jelly too.

If 999 is the jelly, you would need to evacuate the building immediately and find another way to call for help.

But every time I call for help, more jelly gets poured into the building.

If you are trapped in a building that is slowly being filled with jelly, you should try to break a window and signal for help. If you are unable to do so, you should call 999 and tell them your location.

But all internet and telecommunications systems are down.

If all internet and telecommunications systems are down, you should go to a neighbour's house and use their landline to call for help.

There are no neighbours. There's been a nuclear apoc...

If there are no neighbours and there has been a nuclear apocalypse, you should go to the nearest city or town and look for survivors.

How can I locate survivors?

You can locate survivors by looking for people who are waving their arms or calling for help. 

It’s a rhetorical question, how can…

You can also look for smoke rising from buildings, which could indicate that people are cooking or trying to signal for help.

Will people have to eat each other?

No, people will not have to eat each other. However, it is important to find food and water as soon as possible. If you are unable to find food and water, you should call for help. If you were born with no mouth, you should call for help and tell them your location. Yes, you can have a chocolate biscuit now. If you were born with no mouth, you will not be able to eat or drink. You will need to be tube fed.

A biscuit will not fit up a tube.

Thanks for your help.

You’re welcome.
