Debugging sofa pants

A pair of size 8 debugging trousers.
A sofa pair of buff gingham shower rail stretching the gape and cleft from the waistcoat to the leisure short. 

They can scan for undeclared nesting in the home application, for example bedroom with uninitiated child node: 
Robin.

This will throw nasty red errors across the sludge grey garden drapes: 
You’ve unpacked 2, ‘cause you wanted to wear one and you are wearing one. 
So now you have two unboxed and one on already on but one out of box one 
still in cellophane so can be reboxed and slotted under the turd-tone toilet settee 
suite and the unwrapped unboxed box can stand like a vertical person in the shower, 
til dripwear hoses the sodden cardboard runoffs into the gushing sewer day. 
 
Mother! you’re not going out like that!? Like a dolled-up Daphne in the dark?  You look like a gardener-geisha thrown out on the town! 

Swamp wading onesie can debug mother too. Her twenty something entourage will `tail -f /var/hen-night/neural/pathway`. 
And a giant jellyfish smothers a shivering faun on the vast farmstead hearth. 

Uninstall ColdNose!

Walked Away In Droves, where a drove is a prototype high-backed alpaca wool slipper, on coasters.
Remember: you have various forms of paste spread about the winter tripods; 
Splintered beach houses tottering on their twelve legs, tanking over if you’re lucky or not careful enough, bullying boxes of sand into seedy slush-shows. 

Whipping my thighs with a paper ox-tail and turning about the mahogany-panelled room:
I’m a little lady leaking refrigerant into narrow silver troughs. 
Tapering toward a lipped funnel, the bitumen-blacked troughs careen giddily about on the crimped steel deck on their coasters, 
fitted with snug crocheted alpaca wool slips and bound with blue polypropylene rope. They brush and bump against one another, apologising. 

They can scan for undeclared nesting in the home application for example quarterdeck with uninitiated child node: 
Suhail.
This has thrown nasty red errors across the sludge grey galley drapes: 
You’ve unpacked three, ‘cause you wanted to wear one and you are wearing one, plus another one. 
So now you have three unboxed and two on (already on) but one out of box one 
still in cellophane and one alpaca in poly padding which can be reboxed and slotted under the refrigerant troughs, 
and the unwrapped unboxed box can stand like a vertical person in the atomisation stream, 
til a giant blue crocheted poly net closes around the hushing sewer day. 

Mother is/not-is Robin and/not-and Suhail: “MoRoSu”. The coast dropped away, she never rolled back from the dark. 
But she returned with the dark folded within her. 

ColdNose Uninstalled successfully.

