"Even though," began Major Stansens elegy at the memorial service and accompanying pay-as-you-go buffet, "and because of all that, they will become Ancestors with a capital 'A', a quality vessel for our interplanetary memes to traverse the species - and deserve to be treated as such." 

The words resonated with the poignant realisation that the price of knowledge sometimes demanded the ultimate sacrifice - to be a sacrifice - but the “legacy of their endeavours would forever live on”, or at least as long as the annual memorial was commemorated and supported by the society at large, or was useful to the powers that be, or was overpowered by some other carnage landing on the same date.

I looked up the aisle of the conference centre which was a grim reminder of this sacrifice, a bloody swamp of piss and broken glass, a stark contrast to the celestial beauty that had flashed on the screens at the fresher fayre sign up. I can see the nine of them at the induction evening … Those aisles, teeming with untended babies, crawling and shrieking beneath the pews. “Orphan!!!” I said to one raising itself up with the support of my legs.

Progeny - they should be a symbol of potential, a bastion in the present of the untold generations to come, but would be the torchbearers of that pathetic candle-light of pioneer dreams, a future supposedly shaped by the courage and sacrifice of those who rather idiotically ventured beyond an atmosphere that could tend them, all the while leaving a stink for mother to find in the family bathroom after she'd watched the launch transmission.

"Dead," he continued, "like the cosmonauts sucked into space during the disastrous mission to repair the glass roof on Sputnik 4. And dead like the astronauts who suffered an eerily similar fate repairing the glass roof on the Apollo 6." The echoes of these tragedies were a reminder that even in the vast expanse of the cosmos, the human spirit persevered like the gardeners of old who persistently used their own heads to demolish dry stone walls, dug up tree roots with their teeth, pushed the boundaries of cultivation despite the unforgiving nature of the universe.

Engaged Listening Skills For Workplace Efficiency: It's a fragile snare.